good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
John's as many a true nerd and welcome
to our box crate unboxing video
currently sponsored by bots right now if
you've never come across box crate
before or indeed similar kind of box
stuff
here's roughly how it works which is
what you do is you pay up front to a
company like bug spray top whatever but
maybe box crate let's talk about box
crate today it's all about the Box crate
you pay them upfront and then after
you've paid them they send you a box of
stuff that's like staff which may or may
not be relevant to your interest and of
course the business to work they have to
be charging you more than the stuff is
actually worth now that may not sound
like a particularly good idea but then
what I discovered is and the lovely
people at Bob Drake told me this they're
willing to give me some of that extra
money so now now I'm pretty on board
with it so let's do an unboxing of box
crate so first things first
I've checks outfox crate is indeed a box
and and there's a crepe - yeah so
scottson sorry yeah we've got some
lovely stuff in here I'm sure so first
up we have got this lovely little model
here this is quite nice we have got
little this is a little 3d model of the
sign from New Vegas welcome to fabulous
new Vegas there's that's actually yeah
that's quite nice it's it's quite light
it's not gonna drive cone made of like a
heavy metal or anything so that there I
would say it's actually nice nothing
that was a nice little model ah now
here's something I haven't bloody seen
in a while it's a flipping floppy disc
hang on this probably like a notebook
that explains what all these are hang on
so as it turns out this is something
actually quite special which is on here
is I don't never don't you get to see
this games I used to have this on my old
colecovision whatever you may know that
I had when I was a kid growing up that
was like my very first game cuz was a
ColecoVision
but this is actually a copy of one of
the games I had for that which was
amazing mazes and that's that's an
amazing spoke with an eye which was not
decision because amazing with an eye
like not the eye at the end I can I in
the middle like mazes in like this thing
that's really good in New Vegas in
hardcore mode and I don't know point why
to be honest it doesn't really make a
lot of sense there was no there was no
maze in amazing mazes it was just amazed
that was amazing so like it makes sense
in that regard like it would've worked
he was just amazing mazes but it was
amazing as in maybe that was okay fine I
think do you need to figure out a way to
play this in fact I think I bet you
still got one of my old computers in the
back of my cover that might actually
still have a flipping floppy drive
Hornets good afternoon ladies and
gentlemen I'm jealous as many a true
nerd and welcome to amazing mazes I
Jamie doesn't never get to see this sir
game again I genuinely didn't cuz yeah
this was a game this is actually a
really important interesting mustn't
like I understand why they've included
it this is actually a really important
milestone in the history of gaming
because this was actually pretty much
the first like proper 3d game I could on
people think that was actually young the
Wolfenstein franchise it wasn't the
Wolfenstein franchise was basically
built out of this this is effectively a
tectum if you like because you know
they're not only any shooting or
whatever but nonetheless I think it's a
really really important part of gaming
in and out of Boulder flippin boulders
always the eternal adoring will be able
to find other Boulder soon so basically
this is amazing majors with an eye for
some maybe is amazing the maze there is
stuff of them is like there's the border
okay fine we're back at the right way up
now this is good yes basically I'm just
an amazed and right now I'm just trying
to fight though there's the rat there's
the rat there's a raft of the maze to
don't worry I'm the matches in the right
supposed to be a bad guy but there's no
collision detection on the brat so you
don't need to worry about him so much
yes this was amazing mazes and basically
this is the maze that taught you how to
solve mazes which is I'm basically right
now doing the one strategy you always
were out pretty poor into the plenty but
I find nothing in a second basically I
was doing the morning thing that you
always wanted to do which was basically
you wanted to keep checking that the way
you shove amazing view gets talking
about is you always take the same
turning which means eventually you will
always find your way out of the maze
because you'll explore the whole thing
if it's like an exception like a
particular type of maze like I swear I
read this one second particular of maze
you can't do it that way but whatever
but yes this is good well there's the
rat again yep this is your game which is
well it good if it has a lot of first
introduced one it's kind of one of the
first proper 3d games that ever existed
I think this was 1987
if I recall correctly this is not the
first three games ever existed it had
Easter eggs now you want to try and get
to the edge of the maze there was stuff
in the mace like there was the rat and
there were the boulders and like the
game was basically why is the fact that
you do the always turn the same
direction which is why the boulders were
to confuse you so if I average it the
boulders and there we are I have found
end of the level lovely you'll also
notice by the way you probably recognize
the little lamb Microsoft symbol there
this is actually a partnership between
Microsoft and Atari a very very rare one
but you know they put their heads
together in 1987 and this is what they
came up with and honestly like it is the
framework in the foundation in which
basically all future gaming was built
like handsome white wasn't really ported
forward and why you don't find it in for
example like you know steam today it's
because there's not much of a game oh
there's the route I like the rat I've
heard of the rat walk to hurt you maybe
that does hurt you maybe I just don't
know but yeah it's got procedural
generation before that was cool it's got
Easter eggs before they were even
invented it's got like proper 3d
architecture years before anyone's would
do it it's just uh it's a classic I'm
enjoying playing it right now I just
enjoy it you know going into everything
looking Krantz where I want to go into
every little bit I'm just going over
reliving my youth hits like digging
around there and this is probably yeah
that was a dead end I probably should've
seen that one coming to be perfectly
honest but that's fine that's 100
percent fine obviously you know I'm
doing it the other way this story which
is I'm basically taking every right to
doesn't matter you can do like every
left or every right as long as you don't
change halfway through the maze if you
do that then things are going to go
wrong but and you see that that was a
transparency effect do you know many
years after this game it would be before
we got another transparency effect
absolutely in crew and it's running like
a dream - I think it's quite frankly
impressive this thing runs at 1080p
30fps I mean it would be nice if it ran
at 60 but I think we can probably do
without to be honest next up we've got
something quite nice as well which is we
have actually got ourselves a proper
little Thunderbird to waffle as on the
actual proper old-fashioned like diecast
e-type one so it's actually kind of nice
enormous like metallic II could still
work like all the this is that the
original bits the original bits actually
had like a working bit just like yeah
you can get the note down and then the
two legs down yeah so we get the pegs
down here and pop that down and indeed
just look on the original models if you
just kind of hit the thing in the back
then indeed yes we do actually have oh
and it's there towards the pop but
actually comes out so now if we open
this up here we get it's not it's a fury
it's at underdog its little Warhammer
Fury
it's it's no sono international rescue
really
alright you know what maybe
International Rescue change with the
time think there was a new Thunderbirds
at some point and like that they might
have changed some stuff maybe it wasn't
Gordon anymore maybe it was a fury I
mean they no fan that's like you know
Thunderbird 4 was always a little bit on
the situational side in many ways like
you know there'll be plenty of times
where you wouldn't actually need like
the underwater capacity of Thunderbird
foreign and make all those situations
maybe maybe you needed a fury more than
you needed Thunderbird for I guess kind
of makes sense
next up we've got another game oh oh no
oh it's Vance was dug conflict bloody
help or I'm days of ruin for in the US
this was just god no
right and this was basically the worst
sequel that some that's ever been made
and to be a disappointing sequel to
Advance Wars after we already had Jill
stroke and Jill stroke was good joke
stroke was a good Advance Wars game any
problem was it just kind of broke the
games have you teamed up Eva and Sammy
then if you got within about I think
it's twenty squares of an unpredicted
headquarters you would Auto in the game
with you Jill structured this this this
was garbage not suppose I'm giving this
away for free quite frankly we're lucky
Nintendo isn't taking all the surviving
copies and buried them in the desert
next to et that's how bloody
embarrassing this game was me for
goodness just absolute utter flippin get
ok well it is better than days of ruin
yes ok this next bit a bit off because
it kind of feels like this the bulk
scrapebox does a box scrape in the Box
makes hang on bang bits back out the way
sorry gonna that's that's a box crate
inside the box pray and inside that
that's the bloody hell I've gone down
like eight levels and I can't find any
engine site you know what we're just
gonna back just gonna go over there
that's fine right next up we've got a
little pinyon find these things in kind
of boxes like this we've just got this
little pin here which is n n 3 and n ^ 3
so
what as far as I've disappointed by the
box release so it's it's just end to the
third so don't know what end the third
is just rubbish or something so yeah
there's there's just um this didn't end
it's probably like a reference to Buffy
the Vampire Slayer or something I don't
know this is a bit of an interesting
well I'm not exactly necessarily kind of
fitting the tone of the bulks in many
ways but it will actually kind of work
at least insofar as it's actually kind
of you know kind of useful so we've
actually got an aluminium can here so
this may kind of be like a reference
like fallout 4 so like you know it's an
aluminium can alum Eames really useful
and fallout 4 I guess so we've got kind
of that's we got like one of them and
there's a second one actually we've got
it we've got a second down a minute oh
sorry no it was not on the weekend this
one's actually been deionized so it's
it's actually aluminium scrambled up
notes hang on no here Oh turn it might I
hang on I know what you did last August
that's the box three people doesn't know
how they knew that yes thank you books
great I decide to have a lovely time in
Rome that was a really nice holiday and
then finally the final thing here we've
got a sob sister just a little okay it's
been on the dusty side it's actually
extremely just it's very I'm super
yawning ah it's so she latin I got a
surprise i I've not seen a Latin for not
unknown you know I studied classics back
in there hang on we've got to match all
Latin here which I'll now read out loud
for know we'll explain the reason cuz
yeah it's Latin in a dusty old book um I
got here Kokila assessed parter Kokila
assistant ably no Clemens s service
Clemens as din Horta
why me right that's it oh oh excuse me
excuse a second so a small update the
ceiling has just started dripping blood
um as have I broke my nose and also eyes
and and several other holes on my face
um so I'm gonna wrap this up here but
despite that I don't like to say this
has actually been a really really good
box I've really enjoyed the site I'd
give it I'd give it a 9 out of 10 so
thank you box crate or very generously
sending this box through to me I've had
a lovely time opening it I should
probably go and have a shower now and
call a priest in many ways like maybe
don't read the book like um if you don't
read the book I think right you know it
would be a ten out of ten
but even with the book I'd still say
it's a really solid sorry there's a lot
of blood by nostrils right now um it's
still a really really solid no I had to
tell her I've had an absolutely lovely
time I would thoroughly recommend it
obviously link through to bob's crate in
the description below please do use my
affiliate link otherwise I don't get any
money for any of what's happening right
now I don't really think I deserve it
under the current circumstances 10% off
your first box if you enter the code
John is a sellout at checkout so please
do do that as well that's how they know
I sent you so yes thank you thank you
all so very very much for joining me on
this lovely adventure I do hope you
check out Boggs great it's a really
really great service absolutely 9 out of
10 10 out of 10 if it weren't for the
blood dripping from literally everywhere
right now but yes hopefully we will be
able to continue this partnership with
Boggs great going forward ladies and
gentlemen then in the meantime I'm enjoy
this has been baby intruder and this has
been the absolutely definitely worth
buying
box great thank you very much and
goodbye
[Music]
you